let's see if we come up on the matrix
tunt a mr. Roy Roy Cohn's unknown space
Brawley for stone
these are Sherman's at last was on those
once was a boat but I'm fewer Glasgow
Stengel was he next arranged reveal
invent marked for they have to be the
NAM is a few space at there there he
plucks
andando the dish spinner was cash
tankenson some rosy white almond is
pizzas died already happened
the man asked a link though I clocked on
hint arrested key purpose was it to mute
jf he plopped on the rim sure they would
for hundreds angler order of 11 from the
side it formed by met schooner Evita
would not take answer sure miss Eyre
stabile on the efflux evil belief hot
calm down mate I'm pie herring pond on
the underside isn't why should I be
losing on the boat a common in stone
weighty fix here on doesn't you know in
Biden matrix Apollo survivors own I
Mindwipe in a hollow on I my nigga tile
to pasta for tile had four months why
Luke and Tyler hot and when the INA
movie does to another make like met
watch he's in say flexi blinds at Spa
I'm all not truly in the who decline of
as you own is swam at a bar but
telescope you on buying or dig water dry
my daddy can Mandy I'm as a whole
constrain their I Fox Abedini but ones
on Fox
hemlock first listen
he's a tough kid ready to be by design
by the Nepal engine and I'm stubborn
construct blocker fast was his Ashtabula
Mart then I nibs on denied pounds on a
pole on severe deformities or moody
collar monk and are we did it what soon
I'm dying on gain women and their style
enter vegan is a styler bursar heart
trip Mandy's in gone uncle Spence
Widerberg relief out of his idol and
cannon up hollered and Amanda died
cancer in the bone room so Enfield us
spirited photo hi the afternoon divides
and in our own films and there they I
thought to be Dean I have an open phone
only anxiety kind Clemens killing me
there there I far pond runs I thought to
begin
on the noin and more tile a 400 people
Himalayan patented and draper's loss
there's a win and a snake free as
'english aboard altered I fazool fear
does the kindness newer hindered even
forests can come on dad if they are we
come to move up this way not good
Hamid's and islands are motile and super
Tyler funny and keeping mouth get
started welcome to the matrix stand I
made to show you today our brand new
method feeder a method feeder mold very
very simple to use very different this
is the simple rig what's different about
this method feeder is it's got a quick
change facility on it
sometimes when you're fishing you might
want to pop make a feeder arm or more
lead or less led and this is very simple
to use as you can see it's got a slot in
the back and a big hole special hook
through the back of the feeder put your
line through the slots bring up the tail
rubber slide it on and as you can see
you're in business now I'll demonstrate
the mole I'll just put a couple of these
maggots on just to show you how they
work
quite simply just put the maggots in the
mold like that Phil you mole look make
sure you put plenty on the door no
problem now you'll notice this molds
quiet deep and it means you can compress
the bear onto the feeder so you just
press it as hard as you possibly can
not a problem and this ejects in a
different way simply squeeze the mold
and it will fall out and as you can see
there you've got perfect presentation
maggots on the top job them